# ADSTATOR (AEF)
A price stable and cybersecured cryptocurrency based on PoW/PoS multi-algorithm with a nonlinear difficulty

Blockchain Type: Autonomous, Decentralized, Multi-Algorithm

Ticker Symbol: AEF

Max Total Supply: 10^22 iels & 10^18 Adstators.  
***more micro transactions & better price stability.  36000 iels plus or minus %change = 1 Adstator. 1 kilo of Gold for every 366 Adstators at 36000 iels per 1 block of Adstator. 

Block Reward: Varies with Network Difficulty & Value of Gold          
***e.g. for a sha256 Algo, a diffculty of about 12 million is generated by a 14THash/s ASIC machine for 60 minutes block timing to give 1500 iels. In 1440 minutes or 24 hours, 36000 iels are created to give 1 Adstator. In 1 year (366 days), 366 Adstators are created with fixed equivalent to 1 kilo of Gold, pegged at the market price of Gold. As a reference, 14TH/s rated sha256 ASIC miner has upper bound limit of 1 block Adstator per 24 hours (or 36000 iels plus/minus %change due to mining difficulty and commodity (e.g. gold) price). 14TH/s rated sha256 ASIC miner has no upper bound limit to the number of iel microblocks per 24 hours of mining but bound to total value of 36000 iels plus/minus %change. At a constant Gold price, If the time to new block of Adstator doubles, then the iel difficulty for the sha256 machine doubles and only 18000 of the iel block value is mineable in 24 hours, resulting in 2 years to generate 366 Adstators or equivalent 1 kilo of Gold. Therefore the the microblock value automatically doubles or the number of iel microblocks mined per 24 hours increases to meet a new required value of 72000, effectively rebalancing back to a fixed value of 1 Adstator per 24 hours per 14TH/s ASIC Miner or 366 Adstators per year = 1 kilo of Gold. If the gold value (price) is not constant and increases by say 5% or more, the network difficulty automatically increases by 5% or more and the iel block value decreases by 5% or more.  

Block Timing: multi. 
***iel microblock at 3 seconds (value=1), 12 seconds (value=5), at 60 seconds (value=25),... at 3600 seconds(value=1500). Adstator macroblock at 24 hours, composed of random iel microblocks equivalent to 36000.  Make transaction limit to several thousand per second (Bitcoin can only handle 3-4 transactions per second & DigiByte currently can handle 280+ transactions per second.)  

Mining Algorithms: Sha256, Scrypt, Groestl, Skein, Qubit, x11, x17, Lyra2rev2, Blake2s, Cryptonote, Quark, Equihash,... ***Decentralization is enforced. Algorithms can be scrapped & new Algorithms can be added.

Algo Block Share: No Sharing (100% Block Share Per Algo)

Difficulty Retarget: Every 1 microBlock of iel, every 1 macroblock of Adstator. 1 Global Network Difficulty & Multi-Localized Difficulties (Localized Difficulty per Miner determined by Mining Algo, Global Difficulty, Gold Value & Miner hashrate)

Staking: 1 Adstator Block per 90 days 

Adstator can be mined on any mining algorithms. Each algo equally (100%) mines new blocks. Any miner, be it CPU, GPU, ASIC, with any level of hashrate can mine Adstator equitably. In order for an attacker to hardfork Adstator, the attacker would need to control 93% of the hashrate on each mining algo (>=12), making Adstator most secured against PoW attacks than other blockchains.

SegWit Support Yes.

Choice for total or partial Anonymity. Choice for deanonymization 

Integrated Swap with bitcoin & altcoins at fixed rate of Adstator/Gold and rate of iel/Adstator
